Update bootstrap-checks.asciidoc (#48975)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/bootstrap-checks.asciidoc

process has unlimited address space and is enforced only on Linux. To
pass the maximum size virtual memory check, you must configure your
system to allow the Elasticsearch process the ability to have unlimited

> address space. This can be done via adding `(the user for elasticsearch) - as unlimited`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
address space. This can be done via adding `<user> - as unlimited`
```

> to `/etc/security/limits.conf`(note that you might have to increase the limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `/etc/security/limits.conf`. This may require you to increase the limits
```

> for the `root` user too).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the `root` user too.
```
